mediaset.it
volkswagen heart of sicily
www.magaze.it the online newspaper
pap test after the conclusion
well well well
fantagazzetta athletic marathon hotel villa cammarata wins in isernia 1 to 0
with the t discounted on a final maina punishment for the jump in and series d
Molise formation grace success for a3 a2
obtained in the first race cammarata
Biserni will face off in the play-off for the EBECA who took out
the arzanese
the call sold expensive the skin control isernia
the blue-white team went very close to qualifying and it would be
was a great undertaking, the real life especially in the recovery suffered the
kamarat game and risked several times in a row second interview
at the marion stadium lancellotta royal series cammarata
give life to an exciting race with excellent game plots and numerous actions
noteworthy the hosts alone great suit and take the field with the
same formation that won the blue bomber you did not
the dormitory starts again from the bench without the disqualified privatera icon lo
white to half service due to a muscular problem
stands crowded public of the great occasions ina gradinata present over
200 kamarat fans have come to isernia from all over Italy
we need the game immediately and the kamarat is vibrant because it must
reassemble two nets tries to put pressure on the jumble that awaits
i'm at counterattack starts again
the team of silvio prisco one misses a shot especially in defense
is a bar next to the advantage
seville from the left puts at the center an inviting but mingione ball
the advantage fails dramatically
bikini
guests cannot create noteworthy occasions
and since then the real is the second chance to close the discussion
qualification the excellent cifani flies to the door of pellettieri mail o
rises with wings goes out of an institution
in the second half of the first half the game runs off the tracks
of balance the comrade of the fielded since May does not run more serious
dangers and you see all the parts of manfredonia the biancoazzurri are
determined and concentrated but fail
to hit the winning shot panepinto portella try to give it to us
but without luck panepinto the result does not change there goes the rest on the nothing
made a zero azeri the second 45 minutes on declares cammarata ese brand
renato may throw sant'angelo and the music into the fray
change
ilaria reserves for parre triple center of gravity and I suffer from advanced guests
red knit defense also uses bad manners to affirm the
unleashed camara attackers thrown by a punishment of more than 25 meters is born
kamarat advantage
thirteenth minute terrifying conclusions andreas posted paolo r
treat
the zero roma - the real file series of albano in cammarata riding attacks a
spur beaten in 20 minutes they make bikes in reality I have more marks
in the square
with a lob that ends out of a very cheap price
he manages to hit a wild panepinto run with his head
scratched again on punishment that hits the outside of the net
and giuseppe santangelo with a weak but precise header
an unfortunate cammarata that scares the Molise team like the guests
slender in front give isernia has two good opportunities to assign rt
qualification mapelli caterina of Friday miracles and the door of the
cammarata remains inviolate
the last 15 minutes I don't play money
the landlord sided with a5 defenders sweeping away dirty balloons
of their half field injuries are inculcated and blows never dormant resume
the game gaining precious seconds to bring home the qualification
the fine boarding of the kamarat and is not changes the story of the game
villa real isernia despite the defeat wins the final for the
TV series The Kesha call is another example of my national call
the team of renato may worthily represented sicily yes
bites the earth that blackout hands
in the first leg
if he had played cammarata the fans would have been a different story
they still celebrate as if they had obtained the series of return h
maratta attested by us a country my party applause bus passage e
through the streets of the center and then the big party of the crowd bath with the fans
tears and emotion for the memorable season
the little great comrades who wrote the indelible page
in the short but intense football history of the Biancoazzurri
and finally the fireworks to celebrate the return home of one
Sicilian pride team